My final words.
The bottom line is your ability to deliver business value.
Do not forget that.
It is your biggest asset as a technical business analyst.
The technical business analyst is in a very unique organizational position
to have one of the most exciting jobs in the company.
You are positioned at the juncture of business and technology.
You get to understand the challenging business goals and
just what makes your company successful,
and at the same time participate in helping shape the
technology solutions to meet those goals.
Every company is different in just how the gap is straddled and
by whom is best suited to bridge the gap.
I have passion for both business and technology very much.
I hope you can join in the fun.
Thank you very much for taking my course.
I, like you,
have been challenged over the years in how to best bridge the
gap between the business and the IT world.
I hope and trust that this course has been able to
provide you with the essential tools, methods,
approaches,
and renewed confidence to help you be more successful
in your role as a technical BA.
Lastly, I hope to see you again in one of my other courses, and I wish you the best in your professional journey and never stop learning.